DOC-1663: Add `sidebar_show` doc (#2470)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/plugins/comments-open-sidebar.adoc

== Show the comments sidebar when TinyMCE loads

> To show the comments sidebar when the editor is loaded or to display the sidebar by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The xref:customsidebar.adoc#sidebar_show[`sidebar_show`] option can be used to show the comments sidebar when the editor is loaded.
```

  tinycomments_mode: 'embedded',
  tinycomments_author: currentAuthor,
  tinycomments_can_resolve: canResolveCommentsCallback,

>   sidebar_show: 'showcomments',

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we also update the above code snippet and sentence at the beginning of the 'Show the comments sidebar when TinyMCE loads' section?
